# Question 3: Musical Mayhem
## Functions:
	- waitAcous: waiting for acoustic stage, performing and leaving.
	- waitElec: waiting for elecctric stage, performing and leaving
	- waitShirt: waiting for shirt
	- waitAcousFn: main function for threads whose only job is to wait for acoustic stages for musicians (not singers)
	- waitElecFn: main function for threads whose only job is to wait for electric stages for musicians (not singers)
	- waitAcousSingerFn: main function for threads whose only job is to wait for acoustic stages for singers
	- waitElecSingerFn: main function for threads whose only job is to wait for electric stages for singers
	- musFunc: main function for musician and singer threads. Initialises everything, calls waiting functions, calls shirt functions. In case of both acoustic and electric stages possible, spawns 2 thread and waits for them to finish.
	- main: Initialises global things, scanfs, creates threads, waits on threads.

## Assumptions:
	- Max 100 musicians
	- Max 100 of each type of stage
	- Singers only perform for 2s if they join a musician. Other person is extended by 2 and continues performing after singer leaves.

## Bonuses:
	- Implemented singers getitng tshirts
	- Implemented stage numbers

## Mutexes and Semaphores:
	- Acoustic and Electric are both semaphores, with values equal to no. of stages each
	- Global mutexes exist on the arrays of acoustic and electric stages and their flags
	- Coordinators are a semaphore
	- Global mutex exists to lock the main musician array.
	- Each musician has a mutex.

## Logic:
	- If a musician has both acoustic and electric, then he spawns 2 threads, and waits on each. Whichever succeeds first sets a flag. When the other is doen waiting, it checks the flag. If a stage has already been found it kills its thread.
	- If it a singer, they prefer to perform with musicians, and loop over the stages to find singerless stages. If found, they join it, set that stage's singerflag, and sing for 2s
	- When the musician exits, he sets the stageflag and the singerflag back
	- Both musicians and singer go to collect shirts
	- They leave after shirt is collected
	- Simulation ends when all threads die (i.e. all musicians have either performed or left)