# Question 2: Vaccination Drive:
## Functions
	- min: to find min of 2 numbers
	- stvaccinate: function for vaccinating & subsequently testing the student
	- stFunc: main function for each student thread, initialises and calls vaccinate
	- vacProd: function for pharmaceutical companies to produce and distribute vaccines
	- compFunc: main function for pharmaceutical company threads, initialises and calls production
	- prepVac: function for vaccination zones to check stores and randomise the slots
	- vacFunc: main function for vaccination zone threads, initialises and calls prepVac
	- main: sets up all threads, inscanfs, initialises global mutexes etc.
## Mutexes:
	- Each vaccination zone has a mutex. 
	- Global mutexes are present for each array (of pharmaceuticals, students, and zones). 
	- Another global mutex locks the variable endsim which flags end of simulation.

## Assumptions:
	- Max 100 zones and companies.
	- Max 200 students.

## Logic:
	- Everything is handled by the pharmaceuticals and students, the vaccination zone thread has minimal function, and each zone has a mutex that is locked by these threads when busy.
		- Company takes care of adding stores to the zone.
		- Company busywaits over the array of zones, looking for empty zones until its batch is over, then restarts production. 
		- Student takes care of finding empty zone and waiting there.
		- Student takes care of testing himself and searching for another empty zone if negative. (Kills thread if positive)
	- Students check for end of the drive if they have been tested positive for antibodies.
	- Zones and Companies kill threads once end simulation is signalled


